docs: add api docs preview guide (#6628)
strongloop/loopback-next: docs/site/DEVELOPING.md

generated when publishing new releases to npmjs.org and it's picked up by
https://loopback.io/doc/en/lb4/apidocs.index.html.

### Preview API Documentation Changes

> To modify the documentation and preview the changes, you should rebuild the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify the API documentation and preview the changes, you should rebuild the
```

> package and run `npm run tsdocs`. For example, some API doc are changed in

Reviewer 2: Start the `For example` in a new paragraph.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if some API documentation changes have occurred in `/loopback-next/packages/core`, and you wish to preview them, perform the following steps:
```

package `@loopback/core`, to preview them:

step 1 - rebuild package

Run the following commands within `/loopback-next/packages/core`:

```shell
# Remove the old compiled files.

> npm run clean

Reviewer 2: add a newline here

Author: hmm why add a new line?

> # Rebuild the package, so that the compiled dist files contain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Rebuild the package, so that the compiled dist files contain the new API documentation
```

> # new API docs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Author: deleting the contents?

npm run build
```

step 2 - npm run tsdocs

> Run the following commands from root dir `/loopback-next`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the following commands within the root directory `/loopback-next`:
```

```shell
# Generate new tsdocs from the updated package dist files.
npm run tsdocs
```

> step 3 - preview the API docs on browser

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
step 3 - preview the API documentation in a browser
```

> Stay in the root dir and run the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stay in the root directory and run the following commands:
```

```shell

> # Fetch the new API docs into `/docs/_preview`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Fetch the new API documentation into `/docs/_preview`
```

npm run docs:prepare

> # Start the docs preview server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Start the documentation preview server
```

npm run docs:start
```

> Go to http://127.0.0.1:4001 in browser you will see the new API documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Go to http://127.0.0.1:4001 in a browser, and you will see the new API documentation.
```

generated when publishing new releases to npmjs.org and it's picked up by
https://loopback.io/doc/en/lb4/apidocs.index.html.

### Preview the API Documentation Changes

To modify the API documentation and preview the changes, you should rebuild the

> package and run `npm run tsdocs`. For example, some API doc changes have

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
package and run `npm run tsdocs`. For example, if some API documentation changes have
```
